/*
What is data communication?
Data communication is the transmission of the data between two node throgth some medium.

Data Flow:
1- Simplex (Sender only sends data to receiver)
2- Half Duplex (Sender and receiver both sends and receives data but not at the same time.
3- Full Duplex (Sender and receiver both sends and receives data`simultaneously.

What is Protocol?
When transmitting data from one node to another, Then it may occur
that sender is fast then the receiver and receiver unable to receive all the data.

So here came the protocols.

Protocols are the rules that governs the data communication.
Protocol take care of:
What is to be communicated
how is to be communicated
When is to be communicated


It has elements which ensure the data communication which includes:

Message Encoding: Encode the message into signal or waves to transfer the data wirely or wirelessly respectively.
        Message Source => Encoder => Transmiiter => Transmission medium => Reciever => Decoder => Message Destination
 -> If the message is sends to wireless then data converts into waves but the next router if connected with wire then data again encode into the signal

Message Formatting and encapsulation: we not only just send the data, Then would we know that who is sender and reciever. So
We format the data which is known by both sender and reciever that ensures the correct receiver as well.


Message Size: The medium through which data is transmitting have some size(bandwidth) to transfer data. So
we do not send the whole data, instead we send the small chunks.
    -> If large file than the capacity of the link then converts it into the segment and each segment is numbered sequentially.
        so that reveiver can easily reassemble the data. If any missing segment then we can do know by the sequential number of that segment
Message Timing: Data should be send timely. If not then sender keeps on sending and maybe receiver do not receive data
So, We follow:
    Flow control: Sender sends data and waits for the acknowledgement from the receiver that he received the data. And then sender sends the next packet.
    Response Timeout: If sender do not receive ack within time (set by protocol) then shows the error response timeout.

Message Delivery Options:
    Unicast -> Send to one node in the network
    Multicast -> Send to more than one node in the network but not all.
    Broadcast -> Send to all nodes in the network





*/



/*
Peer to Peer Network:
No Centrailized Administrator
All peers are equal rights
simple sharing application
not scalable because node may have only 2 ports.




Client server Network:
- Centrailized Administrator (server)
- all other nodes are childs
- request response model
- scalable because connection to centralized server
- Server may be overloaded because every node requesting to it and may  be the same time.

*/